Examples added for cache type (#8595)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/cache/partial-caching/create-cache-type.md

[tagscope]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/lib/internal/Magento/Framework/Cache/Frontend/Decorator/TagScope.php
[type]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Cache/Type/Notification.php

## Examples {#m2devgde-cache-type-model}

A cache type `translate` is declared in the Magento_Translation module using the `cache.xml` configuration file.

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:Cache/etc/cache.xsd">
    <type name="translate" translate="label,description" instance="Magento\Framework\App\Cache\Type\Translate">
        <label>Translations</label>
        <description>Translation files</description>
    </type>
</config>
```

> Translate cache type model class is defined in `Magento\Framework\App\Cache\Type\Translate.php` class. It must extends `Magento\Framework\Cache\Frontend\Decorator\TagScope` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translate cache type model class is defined in `Magento\Framework\App\Cache\Type\Translate.php` class. It must extend the `Magento\Framework\Cache\Frontend\Decorator\TagScope` class.
```

Author: Thanks for the review @BarnyShergold  I have committed the changes requested.

```php
<?php
/**
 * Copyright © Magento, Inc. All rights reserved.
 * See COPYING.txt for license details.
 */
namespace Magento\Framework\App\Cache\Type;

/**
 * System / Cache Management / Cache type "Translations"
 */
class Translate extends \Magento\Framework\Cache\Frontend\Decorator\TagScope
{
    /**
     * Cache type code unique among all cache types
     */
    const TYPE_IDENTIFIER = 'translate';

    /**

>      * Cache tag used to distinguish the cache type from all other cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Cache tag used to distinguish the cache type from all other caches
```

Author: Fixed this..
